Update data-science-overview.md (#3045)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/data-science-overview.md

  by Keras. It offers simple APIs for training deep learning models from scratch, importing existing Keras models
  for inference, and leveraging transfer learning for tweaking existing pre-trained models to your tasks.

> * [Kotlin Dataframe](https://github.com/Kotlin/dataframe) is a library for structured data processing. It aims to 
>   reconcile Kotlin static typing with dynamic nature of data by utilizing both the full power of Kotlin language 
>   and opportunities provided by intermittent code execution in Jupyter notebooks and REPL.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Kotlin DataFrame](https://github.com/Kotlin/dataframe) is a library for structured data processing. It aims to 
  reconcile Kotlin's static typing with the dynamic nature of data by utilizing both the full power of the Kotlin language
  and the opportunities provided by intermittent code execution in Jupyter notebooks and REPLs.

```
